Added Application State to analytics (#1601)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

## unreleased
* BraintreePayPal

>   * Add `application_state` to PayPal analytics for tracking UIApplication state

Reviewer: small nit: 
```suggestion
  * Send `application_state` to FPTI for tracking UIApplication state
```

  * Analytics updates for PayPal's analytics service (FPTI)
    * Add `space_key` and `product_name` to `batch_params`
    * Add `context_type` to `event_params`

>     * Add `application_state` to PayPal analytics for tracking UIApplication state

Author: Aw man I did that initially, must have broke it when I rebased

>     * Add `application_state` to PayPal analytics for tracking UIApplication state

Author: Aw man I did that initially, must have broke it when I rebased
